# Revolutionizing Higher Ed Rankings
Revolutionizing Higher Ed Rankings is a project started by students and faculty at Oregon State University with the goal of creating a new ranking system for Computer Science programs. While there are currently many different options for looking at Computer Science Rankings, our team feels that there has been a shift to value quantity over quality with publications in the past few years. The goal of Revolutionizing Higher Ed Rankings is to create a ranking system that weights the value of a publication rather than just scoring the publication for its existence. 

# Our Methodology
The methodology used for Higher Ed Rankings is to take papers that have been cited as being valuable to the field of Computer Science and score the authors of those publications appropriately, along with their current university affiliation. Universities are scored based on the sum of the weight of the publications that their current faculty have been given. Universities are also scored in specific fields within Computer Science so that a prospective student may look at which universities excel in the field in which they desire the most. 

# Our Vision
Our vision for Revolutionizing Higher Ed Rankings is that, eventually, Revolutionizing Higher Ed Rankings and scoring publications based on their quality instead of their quantity will become the standard for ranking Computer Science Programs. With enough data collected and scores presented to universities, this could eventually be the case. 

# Next Steps and Future Work
Although the work performed to get Revolutionizing Higher Ed Rankings started has been significant, there is still more work that needs to be done before we reach our final product. There needs to be more data collected in terms of publications with value so that there is a larger sample size for universities to be scored on. The base of the methodology and the display of the rankings has been mostly set, so the future work of the project wil mostly be to make more inqiries to find valuable CS papers and to further implement them into the codebase. The goal for Revolutionizing Higher Ed Rankings is that the system will change on a year-by-year basis that takes into account new valuable papers, new affiliations for scored authors, and other factors as well.
